before we begin let me start by saying
if you feel sorry for wildly living in
that dump just remember every time you
pick up us boat it's on you the stars of
our movie today ah Johnny number five
play house tour begins with a Broadway
Love & bot roaming the streets of the
planet formerly known as Earth well it's
still known as Earth but it ain't really
looking at these days because all the
people done up and left because their
mamas never taught them they supposed to
poop where they eat all while he does is
roll around all day by his lonesome in
his cockroach companion trying to decide
which heap of hazardous human excess he
should love into a big block of
worthlessness before returning home to
his sad life of savage and solitude look
at this sadness he craving have some
BOTS booting every day for wall-e is
this sad sameness his alarm rings he
wakes up and he takes his own Kubik buns
of steel to work hey I never gettin paid
but then one day he finds something
green how was it that the humans didn't
know how important that was but a
brainless bot what a duty eating
cockroach for best friend does well I
guess he can t do it now because there
really ain't nothing allowed to drop
deuces and look how disappointed he is
wait take it back look all he has to eat
is generic Twinkies
which is pretty much the same thing as a
duty both more preservatives where was
that
yeah wall-e found that planet life thing
you're just in time for some bob bit
tool and looking to steal it swag Phil's
look at a Batna big blue eyes at the
desperate fella knowing damn well she
ain't interested in nothing but that
green well at least I'm not better now
while these schools y'all broke behind
in a course called how to get that girl
step 1
let us show off her skills step 2 act a
fool step 3
try not to let her blow your block it
but up step 4
don't handle rejection step 5 watch a
nuke something
step 6 once you get all snobby step 7
beg her forgiveness step 8 let her
examine the goods step 9
take her to your bachelor pad step 10
turn on your tagging lights and try to
impress the lady with the only junk you
can afford well I guess one man's trash
is a wide-eyed locket but it show -
singing robots treasure but don't show
her your bubble wrap okay because she
will pop it all then he shows of what
she came for dub plan and she just helps
herself to it after he did all the work
to find it this she goes into
hibernation I know some folks like that
he one vegetable and pass out then they
wake up like oh my intestines and while
Legion spends these days with his mind
now all his work but instead on this
point at booty Bach you know you
desperate when you will go out on a date
with a girl in a coma and this is where
your life can go straight to hell in a
handbasket when the one who used to bat
her eyes at you shuts you out and you
lose all sense of self-esteem and
self-worth and neglect your duties and
responsibilities while you pined for a
woman who ignores you won't Lima man
maybe you have all day to try to stick
your plug in somebody's socket by our
guys to do just Lucho say itself now
you've got no job and no purpose and you
just waste your time playing video games
to ease your pain what mama I know she
gonna feel gorgeous son then while
leaves like girl you're looking a little
pale say out here catch yourself some
rays but did she gets abducted beamed up
and while he just can't let go until he
does and then he's like what oh snap
and I I just know there's a metaphor
here yes Wally reach for the stars baby
I knew I can do it and after some travel
that must have taken light-years but
lucky for Wally he don't have nothing
but time and love for a girl that gives
him the cold shoulder I'm gay
think ownership called the axiom Wally
is forced to come right back down to
reality where people do their damn jobs
well robots do little Wally be obsessing
did his lady friend is whisked away and
he follows her and sees the people not
doing their damn jobs living the life of
luxury go-go going in a hover rounds and
then depends ludis poor mushy falling
out of his chair and just rolling around
on his back like a hapless turtle
finally while he gets Eve dat's a name
by the way
somewhere where she's examined by the
then he gets jumped into the captains
quarters and whole lot of humans been
gone a long time a long time then the
evil AI is there any other kind brings
Eve who's still flashing green and the
captain calls the book man well because
he can't read and you know these people
ain't attractive all smart next thing
you know he's gonna be calling our
planet ER then he gets probed and opened
the doors and where's the planet and of
course she blames me
I mean Wally and why Wally gets totaled
off to get his non-working scrubby
behind a good scrubbing you see just
your fictional this story is because
there's a human in this movie who is
actually interested in learning who Jeb
being a little salty bit today
this one goes down and wall-e and Eve
get accused to go rogue and of course
even blames Wally again what we nice
guys will tolerate this is transit sent
him off into space alone solo by himself
without anybody else she's off I don't
want no scrubs until she sees he answer
but now it's too late because he's in a
self-destruct in space Tech say hey Tex
a with the green and then he gets blown
out and shows that he saved the planet
oh she didn't want him just for the
goods she liked him even though he got
cockroaches in his apartment can't say
the same for any of the women I like
this up sparks among the stars even for
these losers so while the turtle and his
newfound flame see what happens when you
get your nose out of a screen
Wally even the captain fight the AI who
thinks he's so damn smart see he
believes the earth has been
uninhabitable since 2110 which is only
about ninety years ago y'all and so he
didn't want to plan being detected and
all them jelly bellies getting whiplash
when the ship goes into hyperdrive
get them home dam technology always
thinking in knows what's best for me
time to get up bit time to pay your rent
bit time to take a poopy bit
spits on my damn nerves after about 20
minutes of that story we're eaves all
wall-e
I need you and while he learns he's
nothing but a Honey I Shrunk the wall a
and then annoying neat-freak saves them
from floating off into the final
frontier forever and while he gets
damaged in eve chance to replace his
dysfunctional parts his floppy drive his
broke body hey Eve learned she can fix
him if she takes him back to earth and
then they fight - pulpo and wall-e he
sacrifices himself and the captain shuts
down the AI and Eve sucks the trip back
to earth they finally get back to earth
and she repairs him but he can't wake up
until he receives true love's first kiss
blah blah blabbity blah then the humans
and robots take their first steps on
earth where these fools actually think
they're gonna grow pizza then the moral
of this story is wasn't more of a story
don't leave you waste lying around
unless it's a duty because we don't want
to upset the cockroaches because they
are the only living creatures that can
withstand the damage caused by human
earth leeches and if they going up and
in the show we best give them some
snakes that ain't generic Twinkies so we
can stay friends with them back end be
sure to LIKE share and subscribe for
regular fix of meth let me take a minute
to thank all these patrons I have a lot
of them because I made a video last week
that wasn't allowed on YouTube so I want
to be sure all y'all know how much I
appreciate you in case you didn't see
the last one and then we have these
special patrons who are enthusiasts
aficionados addicts and experts Mario
David D Jake Kane dissing whiskey
Gabriella see Michelle w PG FJ grey do
raspberries Davis see Kelly s Caro else
Brian P David M Dan W oh man I am Donna
G melon am and Justin B thanks to folks
like these you can expect me to upload
more videos on hash tag myth Friday
except when it's on hash tag myth
Saturday or hash tag meth Sunday who you
judge me full movies explain fall I'm
Jeb dire I stop standing there screen go
learn to moonwalk or something